How are you, Tiewkhao (mountain)?
How are you, Saimork (fog)?
How are you, Tonmai (tree)?
Can you hear me?
I miss you so much!!
Do you still hear me?
Do you miss me?
I'm fine!
What!?
Do we know each other?
Just two of us now...
Whom am I talking to?
If you miss someone, just tell...
That person will probably wait for you.
Hmm, thanks.
Always be the same...
What did you say?
Nope! Nothing...
I have to go.
I feel like we'll meet each other again.
Bye...
Oh, I miss you so...
Nice weather!
Yea...
Absolutely!
It's you again!!!!
We're like-minded, aren't we?
Tell me the truth
You didn't follow me, did you?
I don't know...
This place is so nice, isn't it?
Will you allow me to travel with you?
Why I have to travel with you?
Go together is better than go alone.
No, thanks.
We don't know each other.
Going together makes us know each other more and more.
Where is my rucksack?
Where is it?
You'll get used to...
What did you do?
I didn't do anything.
Did you hide my rucksack?
Did I have time to hide your rucksack?
Hey, you!
Wait! Don't be mad at me!
Forget it!
Anyway, will you let me go with you?
Wait!
If I meet you again, you have to let me travel with you, okay?
Hey! please wait!
Why don't you answer me?
No response, really?
You're afraid of me, aren't you?
Where am I ?
There is no signal.
So beautiful...
Are you interested in taking a photo with a handsome guy?
Hey! It's you again!.
You keep following me, don't you?
I should ask you this question instead.
How did you come to this place?
This is a public place, anyone can come.
Really?
You think like that?
I think you're lonely.
I miss you...
Where is my phone?
You're not used to...
Did you steal my phone?
What! Again?
You're robber!
That's why you're trying to get closer to me!
You're crazy!
If I'm a robber,
I will steal not only your rucksack and your phone
I think you're...
you're so small
I can carry you...
What the hell are you talking about?
I didn't steal anything from you.
If you don't believe me,
you can search me.
I think you did.
Oh! If you really want to hold me, just tell me...
You're crazy!
What the hell are you talking about?
I see your cheeks are red.
Anyway, do you believe me that I'm not the robber?
Yes, I do.
So you allow me to travel with you, right?
How can we communicate?
I lost my rucksack and phone. I'm so unlucky!
Don't be serious! See you tomorrow.
But how can I meet you?
Don't worry
Just thinking of me...
I will come and see you...
Really?
Do you like it?
So funny!
Can you tell me now where do you want to go?
I want to go somewhere with a good atmosphere,
good food,
delicious food?
and a great atmosphere?
How about sitting in front of the mountain like...
Doi Luang Chiang Dao?
Good idea! Let's go
Okay
I'll take you there...
Please don't move
Are you ready?
Yes.
1...2...
3...
Oh! Doi Luang Chiang Dao, seriously?
How did we come here?
Are you hungry?
Please wait a moment.
I'm right here.
Khao Soi (Northern Thai Coconut Curry Noodle Soup with Chicken), from traditional and famous shop here.
What's wrong?
You don't like it?
Not really.
You like Khao Soi, I guess.
Am I right?
What are you thinking?
Nothing...
You seem so quiet.
I don't know what to say.
Whom are you thinking of?
Nope!
It's really tasty!
Your mouth is dirty.
Really?
Right here.
Here?
Right here... here....
Right here
Here?
Right here...
Here...
Don't be slick!
Seduce me, don't you?
You want love scene, don't you?
You want me to clean you mouth.
Really?
You're so narcissistic!
Actually, you want to clean it for me, right?
Don't be narcissistic!
Red onion, if you don't eat it then give it to me.
Where do you want to go next after your meal?
Why do you want to know?
If you want to go anywhere, just go alone.
on your own.
I have to tell you one thing.
What?
If you arrive Chiang Mai, they say...
You must go to Tha Phae Gate.
And then?
You have to walk along the wall...
until you're in front of the gate.
That's it?
If there is nothing special, why do I have to tell you?
Listen carefully.
If someone can walk from the end of wall to the center of the Tha Phae Gate...
with 99 steps completely,
that person...
will find his soulmate.
Really??? Is this a true story?
Who told you this story?
Someone told me...
Wait a minute...
--- Subtitles by Natt Tongtep ---